Update linux standalone install instructions (#45)
mantidproject/www: source/installation/linux.rst

Linux Packages
==============

The steps below will guide you through installation of MantidWorkbench on Linux:

1. Unpack the ``tar.xz`` file using ``tar -xf`` (e.g ``tar -xf mantidworkbench-6.11.tar.xz``).
2. This will create a directory with the package name (e.g ``/mantidworkbench-6.11``).

> 3. Enter this directory and run ``./bin/mantidworkbench`` to launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. ``cd`` into this directory and run ``./bin/mantidworkbench`` to launch.
```
